# Customer Review Transcript

Date: 09.07.2026  
Participants: Development team, Customer  

Before recording started, the team requested permission to record the meeting and to publish a sanitized English transcript in the public repository. The customer agreed to both. Since UAT was conducted during the same session, the recording permission covers both the Sprint Review and UAT execution.

(00:00)  
Interviewer: Great then. Good morning. I suggest we start right away by testing our system. Temporary login, login and password. Is the password just one?  

Customer: Yeah.  

Interviewer: Good. Or did you change it?  

Customer: It is quite secure.  

Interviewer: This is temporary.  

Customer: Okay. I suggest we add it right away.

(00:29)  
Interviewer: Let us add my face?  

Customer: Yes.  

Interviewer: [Interviewer's name], I think. Actually, I think my face is already there. We can check that at the same time.  

Customer: Let us check.  

Interviewer: Let us check, yes. The only thing is that we will work more on the speed.  

Customer: Uh-huh.  

Interviewer: There are issues with that.

(01:11)  
Customer: Have you not configured it yet?  

Interviewer: No, everything is fine.  

Customer: Did you configure it so that the information forwarding from the website, as I mentioned, you just connect and can already see it all via the terminal... It is really bad.  

Interviewer: Yes. Very slow.

(02:10)  
Interviewer: Is everything okay?  

Customer: It is okay.  

Interviewer: Ah, yes, I deleted it this morning.  

Customer: It is there. Are you working on the upload, right? Yes. You can do it here.

(02:59)  
Customer: Can you change specifically the status here?  

Interviewer: ... Right now is exactly the button.  

Customer: Super.  

Interviewer: We will try now. Let us see.

(03:54)  
Interviewer: It is just like a placeholder, then.  

Customer: Yes. Well, okay. At least it does nothing bad. Should we make it disappear?  

Interviewer: It is better, yes. ... So, is our camera working right now?

(04:35)  
Customer: That means when it sees me and it does not understand who I am, it will say that no, everything is wrong... On Face Recognition for employees.  

Interviewer: Correct?  

Customer: Ah, so, can this be started manually here?  

Interviewer: Yes, we are thinking about making the session run in the background...

(05:08)  
Interviewer: The session starts, and it is in the background mode... Can you lift it up a little bit? Now I will clean up the picture properly.  

Customer: And also spoof.

(05:54)  
Interviewer: It reacts to the board like that.  

Customer: So, tell me, how did you make such a system?  

Interviewer: There is another system installed there that specifically reacts to a phone, or to any other sort of object.

(06:12)  
Customer: Is it a model? ... Well, okay, fine, I believe you. Good. So, what else should I look at? ... the fact that it does not work in an office mode, the fact that the speed is rather slow there because of two models at once... I suggested trying some compromises...

(07:58)  
Interviewer: Good. Hmm, so. That means speeding up the process of recognition as a whole and the performance of the website?  

Customer: Yes. This is a must have priority.

(08:43)  
Interviewer: Good. We are working on the speed. Perhaps, also just my personal assumption... the small board itself sometimes cannot handle it.  

Customer: Well, obviously, yes. If you can show it works on a laptop, then... This is the fourth model of the board given, correct?

(09:35)  
Customer: ... I can offer you to try this one to see how much performance gain you can get.

(10:16)  
Interviewer: Look. Right now I just went to the site... Here it works very fast for us.

(11:20)  
Interviewer: ... Here anti spoofing also works...  

Customer: Let us do it.

(12:34)  
Customer: Access denied takes a long time too.  

Interviewer: Yes. Hm. Well, we will need to work on the performance.  

Customer: ... look at how you work with memory, because that is obvious.And copying embeddings is a rather expensive operation...

(13:23)  
Customer: ... Just turned on the camera, but it works. You can do that obviously, flashing should also happen.

(14:31)  
Interviewer: Good, thank you. ... That means it lights up yellow when it cannot in the process...

(15:14)  
Customer: Yes, meaning blue when it recognizes the face... Can I have another explanation regarding the signals?  

Interviewer: Yellow is when the face was recognized, but poorly... Blue gave reaction, with red they gave.

(16:27)  
Interviewer: Well and I will just list once again what we did... We added that a face cannot be registered repeatedly. Filtering... last capture... LEDs...

(17:31)  
Customer: Okay, I saw it on the video.  

Interviewer: ... sometimes requires separate access (sudo).  

Customer: Common overhead.

(18:05)  
Interviewer: ... the goal of our review was... status led indicators implementation...  

Customer: Well, I see everything, everything works not perfectly, but it works. There is still time... Are there any questions for me?

(18:56)  
Customer: Well, right now speed is everything... If you realize that you frequently lack performance... I can try to get it for you.  

Interviewer: Good.  

Customer: That is probably all then.

Interviewer: Thank you. All then, thank you. Now I will leave.
